<!--

    Sonatype Nexus (TM) Open Source Version
    Copyright (c) 2008-present Sonatype, Inc.
    All rights reserved. Includes the third-party code listed at http://links.sonatype.com/products/nexus/oss/attributions.

    This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License Version 1.0,
    which accompanies this distribution and is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html.

    Sonatype Nexus (TM) Professional Version is available from Sonatype, Inc. "Sonatype" and "Sonatype Nexus" are trademarks
    of Sonatype, Inc. Apache Maven is a trademark of the Apache Software Foundation. M2eclipse is a trademark of the
    Eclipse Foundation. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

-->

# Helm Chart for a High-Availability Nexus Repository Deployment

This Helm chart configures the Kubernetes resources that are needed for HA or resilient Nexus Repository deployments in AWS, Azure, or on-premises.

- Have an idea for an improvement? Pro customers can submit ideas through [Sonatype's Ideas portal](https://ideas.sonatype.com/).
- If you encounter any problems/issues with the helm chart, please contact Sonatype support as support@sonatype.com

> **_NOTE:_** Sonatype does not support or plan to support using a Helm chart for deployments using embedded databases, which includes all OSS deployments. Using Kubernetes to manage an application with an embedded database is a leading cause of corruption, outages, and data loss.


---

# Pre-requisites
> **_Note:_**  Before upgrading your Nexus Repository instance, review the [Nexus Repository Release Notes](https://help.sonatype.com/en/release-notes.html) to evaluate any potential breaking changes.

Also be sure to review our [HA system requirements help documentation](https://help.sonatype.com/en/system-requirements-for-high-availability-deployments.html) and ensure that each instance meets our [normal Nexus Repository system requirements](https://help.sonatype.com/repomanager3/product-information/system-requirements).

### Storage
The default configuration uses an emptyDir volume for storing Nexus Repository logs. However, this is only for demonstration purposes. For production, we strongly recommend that
you configure dynamic provisioning of persistent storage bound to a shared location, such as EFS/Azure File/NFS, which is accessible to all actives nodes in your Kubernetes cluster. 

> **_Note:_**  Versions **66.0.0 and older** of this chart only supported local storage (e.g., EBS, Azure Disk, locally attached disks for on-prem deployments). 
> 
> From version **68.0.0+**, we recommend and support using **shared storage** (e.g., EFS, Azure File, NFS for on-prem deployments). However, this chart is still compatible with local storage.


#### Migrating from local storage (i.e., EBS/Azure Disk/local disk) to shared storage (i.e., EFS/Azure File/NFS) for storing Nexus Repository logs

If you have installed version 66.0.0 or older of the nxrm-ha chart and wish to switch to using shared storage for Nexus Repository logs, please do as follows:

1. Back up all of your Nexus Repository pods' logs by logging in and generating a support zip for each one (see our [support zip help documentation](https://help.sonatype.com/en/support-features.html#creating-a-support-zip-in-a-high-availability-environment) to learn how).
2. Scale statefulset replicas to zero using commands like the following:
   * `kubectl get statefulsets -n nexusrepo`
   * `kubectl scale statefulsets -n nexusrepo <stateful set name> --replicas=0`
3. After scaling statefulset replicas to zero, delete the statefulset using a command like the following:
   *`kubectl delete statefulsets -n nexusrepo <stateful set name>`
4. Delete EBS/Azure disk/local disk PVCs using commands like the following: 
   * `kubectl get pvc -n nexusrepo`
   * `kubectl delete pvc -n nexusrepo <pvc 1> <pvc 2> <pvc n>`
   * If you have a custom storage class for EBS PVC/PV pair, delete that storage class as well.
4. Upgrade to the new version (68.0.0) of the nxrm-ha helm chart by taking the following steps:
   * Provision your shared storage (e.g., EFS/Azure File/NFS), and set appropriate permissions.
   * Update your custom values.yaml file for shared storage as detailed in the applicable section below for configuring dynamic persistent volume provisioning for your selected storage option. 
   * Run helm upgrade: `helm upgrade nxrm sonatype/nxrm-ha -f <your values.yaml> --version 68.0.0`
   * Scale replicas as needed.
5. Confirm all Nexus Repository pods start up and create new PVCs.
   * Confirm new PVCs were created and that they are bound appropriately depending on your configuration (i.e., EFS access points/Azure File shares/NFS mounts):
      * `kubectl get pvc -n nexusrepo` 
      * `kubectl describe pvc -n nexusrepo nexus-data-nxrm-nxrm-ha-0` 
      * `kubectl describe pvc -n nexusrepo nexus-data-nxrm-nxrm-ha-1`
      * Check that the `volume.beta.kubernetes.io/storage-provisioner` annotation in the PVC description is representative of your configuration (i.e., EFS/Azure File/NFS provisioner).
   * Confirm pods are up and running using commands like the following:
      * `kubectl get pods -n nexusrepo` 
      * `kubectl logs -n nexusrepo nxrm-nxrm-ha-0 -f` 
      * `kubectl logs -n nexusrepo nxrm-nxrm-ha-1 -f` 
      * `kubectl logs -n nexusrepo nxrm-nxrm-ha-2 -f`

#### Cloud deployments (AWS/Azure)
* Ensure the appropriate Container Storage Interface (CSI) driver(s) are installed on the Kubernetes cluster for your chosen cloud deployment.
  * For AWS, see our [documentation on high availability deployments in AWS](https://help.sonatype.com/en/option-3---high-availability-deployment-in-amazon-web-services--aws-.html)
  * For Azure, see our [documentation on high availability deployments in Azure](https://help.sonatype.com/en/option-4---high-availability-deployment-in-azure.html)

#### On-premises deployments
1. Set up an NFS server and make it accessible to all worker nodes in your Kubernetes cluster.
2. See our [documentation on on-premises high availability deployments using Kubernetes](https://help.sonatype.com/en/option-2---on-premises-high-availability-deployment-using-kubernetes.html) for more information


## Format Limitations
HA supports all formats that PostgreSQL supports.


## Deployment Configuration

### AWS
* Set `aws.enabled` to `true`.

#### Configuration for dynamic persistent volume provisioning
* Set `storageClass.enabled` to `true`
* Set `storageClass.provisioner` to `efs.csi.aws.com`
* Set `storageClass.parameters` to
    ```
       provisioningMode: efs-ap 
       fileSystemId: "<your efs file system id>"
       directoryPerms: "700"
    ```
* Set `pvc.volumeClaimTemplate.enabled` to `true`

#### Secrets
AWS Secret Manager is disabled by default. If you would like to store your database secrets and license in AWS Secrets Manager, do as follows:
* Set `aws.secretmanager.enabled` to `true`.
   * Database credentials:
      * Store database credentials (i.e., host, user and password) in AWS secret manager.
      * In your values.yaml, do the following:
         * Set the keys and aliases to use for getting the database credentials from secrets manager:  
           `db:
           user: username
           userAlias: nxrm-db-user
           password: password
           passwordAlias: nxrm-db-password
           host: host
           hostAlias: nxrm-db-host`
            * Update the `secret.aws.rds.arn` to your Secret Manager ARN containing database credentials.
   * Initial Nexus Repository Admin Password
      * Store initial Nexus repository Admin password in AWS Secrets Manager.
      * Set the `secret.nexusAdmin.name` to the key you used in Secrets Manager.
      * Set the `secret.nexusAdmin.alias` to the alias you would like the helm chart to use.
      * Update the `secret.aws.adminpassword.arn` to your Secret Manager ARN containing initial admin password.
   * License
      * Store your Nexus Repository Pro license in AWS Secrets Manager.
      * Update the `secret.aws.license.arn` to your Secret Manager ARN containing your Nexus Repository Pro license.


### Azure
* Set `azure.enabled` to `true`.

#### Configuration for dynamic persistent volume provisioning
You can either use one of the built-in storage classes for Azure File or create your own storage class.

##### Using built-in storage class
* Ensure you have enabled the built-in storage classes on your AKS cluster. For more information, see the Azure file dynamic provisioning section of [our documentation on high availability deployments in Azure](https://help.sonatype.com/en/option-4---high-availability-deployment-in-azure.html)
* Set `storageClass.enabled` to `false`
* Set `storageClass.name` to one of the in-built storage classes for Azure file, such as azurefile-csi-premium, azurefile-premium, azurefile, or azurefile-csi
* Set `storageClass.provisioner` to `file.csi.azure.com`
* Set the `pvc.volumeClaimTemplate.enabled` parameter to `true`

##### Creating your own storage class
If you would like to create your own storage class instead of using the built-in ones, do as follows:

* Set `storageClass.enabled` to `true`
* Set `storageClass.name` to `nexus-log-storage`
* Set `storageClass.provisioner` to `file.csi.azure.com`
* Set `storageClass.mountOptions` to
    ```
   - dir_mode=0777
   - file_mode=0777
   - uid=0
   - gid=0
   - mfsymlinks
   - cache=strict # https://linux.die.net/man/8/mount.cifs
   - nosharesock 
    ```
* Set `storageClass.parameters.skuName` to `Premium_LRS`
* Set `pvc.volumeClaimTemplate.enabled` to `true`

#### Secrets
Azure Key Vault is disabled by default. If you would like to store your database secrets and license in Azure Key Vault, do as follows:
* Set `azure.keyvault.enabled` to `true`.
   * Database credentials
      * Store database credentials (i.e., host, user, and password) in Azure Key Vault.
      * In your values.yaml, do the following:
         * Set the keys to use for getting the database credentials from Azure Key Vault:  
           `db:
           user: username
           password: password
           host: host`
         * Set the parameters nested in `secret.azure` accordingly.
   * Initial Nexus Repository Admin Password
      * Store initial Nexus repository Admin password in Azure Key Vault.
      * Set the `secret.nexusAdmin.name` to the key you used in Azure Key Vault.
   * License
      * Store your Nexus Repository Pro license in Azure Key Vault.
      * Set the `secret.license.name` to Azure Key Vault secret containing your Nexus Repository Pro license.

### On-premises
The chart doesn't install any cloud-specific resources when `aws.enabled` and `azure.enabled` are set to `false`.

#### Configuration for dynamic persistent volume provisioning
* You must already have an NFS Server, and it must be accessible to all worker nodes in your Kubernetes cluster.
* Install the [NFS subdir external provisioner](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/nfs-subdir-external-provisioner) using the [helm chart](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/nfs-subdir-external-provisioner?tab=readme-ov-file#with-helm).
  * At the time of writing, the helm installation command is as shown below.
  ```
  helm repo add nfs-subdir-external-provisioner https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/nfs-subdir-external-provisioner/
  helm install nfs-subdir-external-provisioner nfs-subdir-external-provisioner/nfs-subdir-external-provisioner --set nfs.server=x.x.x.x --set nfs.path=/exported/path --set storageClass.create=true
  ``` 
  * We have added `--set storageClass.create=true` to the above command in order to create the default nfs storage class bundled with the helm chart.
  * Confirm that the pod for the nfs-subdir-external-provisioner is running:
    * At the time of writing, the pod had a 'app=nfs-subdir-external-provisioner' label. Thus, you can confirm it is running using the following: `kubectl get pods -A -l app=nfs-subdir-external-provisioner`
  * Confirm that the default storage class was created:
    * At the time of writing, the default storage class was 'nfs-client'. Thus, you can confirm its creation using `kubectl get sc nfs-client`
* For nxrm-ha helm chart, do the following:
  * Set `storageClass.enabled` to `false`
  * Set `storageClass.name` to `nfs-client`
  * Set `pvc.volumeClaimTemplate.enabled` to `true`


#### Secrets
* Database credentials
   * Set `secret.dbSecret.enabled` to `true` to enable [database-secret.yaml](nxrm-ha%2Ftemplates%2Fdatabase-secret.yaml) for storing database secrets.
   * Specify values for [database-secret.yaml](nxrm-ha%2Ftemplates%2Fdatabase-secret.yaml).
* Initial Nexus Repository Admin Password
   * Set `secret.nexusAdminSecret.enabled` to `true` to enable [nexus-admin-secret.yaml](nxrm-ha%2Ftemplates%2Fnexus-admin-secret.yaml) for storing initial Nexus Repository admin password secret.
   * Specify values for [nexus-admin-secret.yaml](nxrm-ha%2Ftemplates%2Fnexus-admin-secret.yaml).
* License
   * Set the `secret.license.licenseSecret.enabled` to `true` to enable [license-config-mapping.yaml](nxrm-ha%2Ftemplates%2Flicense-config-mapping.yaml) for storing your Nexus Repository Pro license.
   * Specify values for [license-config-mapping.yaml](nxrm-ha%2Ftemplates%2Flicense-config-mapping.yaml).



## Installing this Chart
You can install this helm chart from the git repository or sonatype helm index.

### From git repository
1. Check out this git repository.

2. Enter your custom values in the supplied values.yaml.  

3. Install this chart using the following:
  
```helm install nxrm nxrm3-ha-repository/nxrm-ha -f values.yaml```
  
4. Get the Nexus Repository link using the following:
  
```kubectl get ingresses -n nexusrepo```

### From Sonatype Helm index

1. Add the sonatype repo to your helm:

   ```helm repo add sonatype https://sonatype.github.io/helm3-charts/ ```

2. Enter your custom values in the supplied values.yaml.
3. Install this chart using the following:
```helm install nxrm sonatype/nxrm-ha -f values.yaml```
4. Get the Nexus Repository link using the following:
```kubectl get ingresses -n nexusrepo```

### Example helm install with options

Replace below commands with your actual values

#### OnPrem Deployments

```
helm install nxha1 \
--set storageClass.name=nfs \
--set secret.license.licenseSecret.enabled=true \
--set-file secret.license.licenseSecret.file=./nx-license-file.lic \
--set pvc.volumeClaimTemplate.enabled=true \
--set secret.dbSecret.enabled=true \
--set secret.db.host=postgres-host.mydomain \
--set secret.db.user=nexus \
--set secret.db.password=nexus123 \
--set secret.nexusAdminSecret.enabled=true \
--set secret.nexusAdminSecret.adminPassword="admin123" \
--set service.nexus.enabled=true \
sonatype/nxrm-ha
```


---

## Health Check
You can use the following commands to perform various health checks:
  
See a list of releases:
  
  ```helm list```
  
 Check pods using the following:
  
  ```kubectl get pods -n nexusrepo```
  
Check the Nexus Repository logs with the following:
  
  ```kubectl logs <pod_name> -n nexusrepo nxrm-app```

---

## Uninstall
To uninstall the deployment, use the following:
  
  ```helm uninstall nxrm```
  
After removing the deployment, ensure that the namespace created by the helm chart is deleted and that Nexus Repository is not listed when using the following:
  
  ```helm list```

> **_Note:_** If you specified a namespace during chart installation (e.g., helm install nxrm3 . --create-namespace --namespace <customnamespace>), you will need to remove this namespace after running the uninstall command for the helm chart. The uninstall command will only remove the namespace created by the helm chart itself.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Nexus chart and their default values.

| Parameter                                                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Default                                                                                                             |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `namespaces.nexusNs.enabled`                                | Whether a namespace should be created for the Kubernetes resources needed Nexus Repository pod(s)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | `true`                                                                                                              |
| `namespaces.nexusNs.name`                                   | The namespace into which Kubernetes resources for Nexus Repository are installed into, if set to `''` the release namespace is used                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | `nexusrepo`                                                                                                         |
| `namespaces.cloudwatchNs.enabled`                           | Whether a namespace should be created to install the Kubernetes resources needed by fluentbit                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `namespaces.cloudwatchNs.name`                              | The namespace into which Kubernetes resources for fluentbit are installed when fluentbit is enabled                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | `amazon-cloudwatch`                                                                                                 |
| `namespaces.externaldnsNs`                                  | The namespace into which Kubernetes resources for externaldns are installed when externaldns is enabled                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `nexus-externaldns`                                                                                                 |
| `serviceAccount.enabled`                                    | Whether or not to create a Kubernetes Service Account object                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `serviceAccount.name`                                       | The name of a Kubernetes Service Account object to create in order for Nexus Repository pods to access resources as needed                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | `nexus-repository-deployment-sa`                                                                                    |
| `serviceAccount.annotations`                                | Annotations for the Kubernetes Service Account object.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `null`                                                                                                              |
| `azure.enabled`                                             | Set this to true when installing this chart on Azure                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `azure.keyvault.enabled`                                    | Set this to true when installing this chart on Azure and you would like the Nexus Repository pod to pull database credentials and license from azure Key Vault                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `aws.enabled`                                               | Set this to true when installing this chart on AWS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `aws.clusterRegion`                                         | The AWS region containing your Kubernetes cluster.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | `us-east-1`                                                                                                         |
| `aws.secretmanager.enabled`                                 | Set this to true when installing this chart on AWS and you would like the Nexus Repository pod to pull database credentials and license from AWS Secret Manager                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `aws.externaldns.enabled`                                   | Set this to true when installing this chart on AWS and you would like to setup [externaldns](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/external-dns)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `aws.externaldns.domainFilter`                              | Domain filter for [externaldns](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/external-dns)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `example.com`                                                                                                       |
| `aws.externaldns.awsZoneType`                               | The hosted zone type. See [externaldns](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/external-dns)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `private`                                                                                                           |
| `aws.fluentbit.enabled`                                     | Set this to true when installing this chart on AWS and you would like to install Fluentbit so that Nexus Repository logs can be sent to AWS Cloud Watch                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `aws.fluentbit.fluentbitVersion`                            | The fluentbit version                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | `2.28.0`                                                                                                            |
| `aws.fluentbit.clusterName`                                 | The name of your Kubernetes cluster. This is required by fluentbit                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | `nxrm-nexus`                                                                                                        |
| `statefulset.replicaCount`                                  | The desired number of Nexus Repository pods                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | 3                                                                                                                   |
| `statefulset.clustered`                                     | Determines whether or not Nexus Repository should be run in clustered/HA mode. When this is set to false, the search differences [here](https://help.sonatype.com/repomanager3/planning-your-implementation/resiliency-and-high-availability/high-availability-deployment-options#HighAvailabilityDeploymentOptions-SearchFeatureDifferences) do not apply.                      | true                                                                                                                |
| `statefulset.additionalVolumes`                             | Additional volumes to associate with the Nexus Repository container                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | `null`                                                                                                              |
| `statefulset.additionalVolumeMounts`                        | Additional volume mounts for the additional volumes associated with the Nexus Repository container                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | `null`                                                                                                              |
| `statefulset.additionalContainers`                          | Additional containers to associate with the Nexus Repository pod                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `null`                                                                                                              |
| `statefulset.annotations`                                   | Annotations to enhance statefulset configuration                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | {}                                                                                                                  |
| `statefulset.podAnnotations`                                | Pod annotations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | {}                                                                                                                  |
| `statefulset.nodeSelector`                                  | Node selectors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | {}                                                                                                                  |
| `statefulset.hostAliases`                                   | Aliases for IPs in /etc/hosts                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | []                                                                                                                  |
| `statefulset.postStart.command`                             | Command to run after starting the container                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | `null`                                                                                                              |
| `statefulset.preStart.command`                              | Command to run before starting the container                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `null`                                                                                                              |
| `statefulset.initContainers`                                | Init containers to run before main containers                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | An init container which creates directories needed for logging and give the Nexus Repository user write permissions |
| `statefulset.container.image.repository`                    | The Nexus repository image registry URL                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | sonatype/nexus3                                                                                                     |
| `statefulset.container.image.nexusTag`                      | The Nexus repository image tag                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | latest                                                                                                              |
| `statefulset.container.resources.requests.cpu`              | The minimum cpu the Nexus repository pod can request                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | 4                                                                                                                   |
| `statefulset.container.resources.requests.memory`           | The minimum memory the Nexus repository pod can request                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | 8Gi                                                                                                                 |
| `statefulset.container.resources.limits.cpu`                | The maximum cpu the Nexus repository pod may get.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | 4                                                                                                                   |
| `statefulset.container.resources.limits.memory`             | The maximum memory the Nexus repository pod may get.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | 8Gi                                                                                                                 |
| `statefulset.container.containerPort`                       | The Nexus Repository container's HTTP port                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | 8081                                                                                                                |
| `statefulset.container.pullPolicy`                          | The Nexus Repository docker image pull policy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | IfNotPresent                                                                                                        |
| `statefulset.container.terminationGracePeriod`              | The time given for the pod to gracefully shut down                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | 120 seconds                                                                                                         |
| `statefulset.container.env.nexusDBName`                     | The name of the PostgreSQL database to use.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | nexus                                                                                                               |
| `statefulset.container.env.nexusDBPort`                     | The database port of the PostgreSQL database to use.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | 5432                                                                                                                |
| `statefulset.container.env.install4jAddVmParams`            | Xmx and Xms settings for JVM                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | -Xms2703m -Xmx2703m                                                                                                 |
| `statefulset.container.env.jdbcUrlParams`                   | Additional parameters to append to the database url. Expected format is  `"?foo=bar&baz=foo"`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | null                                                                                                                |
| `statefulset.container.additionalEnv`                       | Additional environment variables for the Nexus Repository container. You can also use this setting to override a default env variable by specifying the same key/name as the default env variable you wish override. Specify this as a block of name and value pairs (e.g., "<br/>additionalEnv:<br/>- name: foo<br/> value: bar<br/>- name: foo2<br/> value: bar2")                 | null                                                                                                                |
| `statefulset.requestLogContainer.image.repository`          | Image registry URL for a container which tails Nexus Repository's request log                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | busybox                                                                                                             |
| `statefulset.requestLogContainer.image.tag`                 | Image tag for a container which tails Nexus Repository's request log                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | 1.33.1                                                                                                              |
| `statefulset.requestLogContainer.resources.requests.cpu`    | The minimum cpu the request log container can request                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | 0.1                                                                                                                 |
| `statefulset.requestLogContainer.resources.requests.memory` | The minimum memory the request log container can request                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | 256Mi                                                                                                               |
| `statefulset.requestLogContainer.resources.limits.cpu`      | The maximum cpu the request log container may get.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | 0.2                                                                                                                 |
| `statefulset.requestLogContainer.resources.limits.memory`   | The maximum memory the request log container may get.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | 512Mi                                                                                                               |
| `statefulset.auditLogContainer.image.repository`            | Image registry URL for a container which tails Nexus Repository's audit log                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | busybox                                                                                                             |
| `statefulset.auditLogContainer.image.tag`                   | Image tagfor a container which tails Nexus Repository's audit log                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | 1.33.1                                                                                                              |
| `statefulset.auditLogContainer.resources.requests.cpu`      | The minimum cpu the audit log container can request                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | 0.1                                                                                                                 |
| `statefulset.auditLogContainer.resources.requests.memory`   | The minimum memory the audit log container can request                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | 256Mi                                                                                                               |
| `statefulset.auditLogContainer.resources.limits.cpu`        | The maximum cpu the audit log container may get.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | 0.2                                                                                                                 |
| `statefulset.auditLogContainer.resources.limits.memory`     | The maximum memory the reauditquest log container may get.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | 512Mi                                                                                                               |
| `statefulset.taskLogContainer.image.repository`             | Image registry URL for a container which aggregates and tails Nexus Repository's task log                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | busybox                                                                                                             |
| `statefulset.taskLogContainer.image.tag`                    | Image tag for a container which aggregates and tails Nexus Repository's task log                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | 1.33.1                                                                                                              |
| `statefulset.taskLogContainer.resources.requests.cpu`       | The minimum cpu the task log container can request                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | 0.1                                                                                                                 |
| `statefulset.taskLogContainer.resources.requests.memory`    | The minimum memory the task log container can request                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | 256Mi                                                                                                               |
| `statefulset.taskLogContainer.resources.limits.cpu`         | The maximum cpu the task log container may get.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | 0.2                                                                                                                 |
| `statefulset.taskLogContainer.resources.limits.memory`      | The maximum memory the task log container may get.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | 512Mi                                                                                                               |
| `statefulset.startupProbe.initialDelaySeconds`              | StartupProbe initial delay                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | 0                                                                                                                   |
| `statefulset.startupProbe.periodSeconds`                    | Seconds between polls                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | 10                                                                                                                  |
| `statefulset.startupProbe.failureThreshold`                 | Number of attempts before failure                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | 180                                                                                                                 |
| `statefulset.startupProbe.timeoutSeconds`                   | Time in seconds after liveness probe times out                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | 1                                                                                                                   |
| `statefulset.startupProbe.path`                             | Path for StartupProbe                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | /                                                                                                                   |
| `statefulset.livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`             | LivenessProbe initial delay                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | 0                                                                                                                   |
| `statefulset.livenessProbe.periodSeconds`                   | Seconds between polls                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | 60                                                                                                                  |
| `statefulset.livenessProbe.failureThreshold`                | Number of attempts before failure                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | 6                                                                                                                   |
| `statefulset.livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds`                  | Time in seconds after liveness probe times out                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | 1                                                                                                                   |
| `statefulset.livenessProbe.path`                            | Path for LivenessProbe                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | /                                                                                                                   |
| `statefulset.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`            | ReadinessProbe initial delay                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | 0                                                                                                                   |
| `statefulset.readinessProbe.periodSeconds`                  | Seconds between polls                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | 60                                                                                                                  |
| `statefulset.readinessProbe.failureThreshold`               | Number of attempts before failure                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | 6                                                                                                                   |
| `statefulset.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds`                 | Time in seconds after readiness probe times out                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | 1                                                                                                                   |
| `statefulset.readinessProbe.path`                           | Path for ReadinessProbe                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | /                                                                                                                   |
| `statefulset.imagePullSecrets`                              | The pull secret for private image registries                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `{}`                                                                                                                |
| `ingress.enabled`                                           | Whether or not to create the Ingress                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | false                                                                                                               |
| `ingress.host`                                              | Ingress host                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `null`                                                                                                              |
| `ingress.hostPath`                                          | Path for ingress rules.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `/`                                                                                                                 |
| `ingress.dockerSubdomain`                                   | Whether or not to add rules for docker subdomains                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `ingress.defaultRule`                                       | Whether or not to add a default rule for the Nexus Repository Ingress which forwards traffic to a Service object                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `ingress.additionalRules`                                   | Additional rules to add to the ingress                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `null`                                                                                                              |
| `ingress.incressClassName`                                  | The ingress class name e.g., nginx, alb etc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `null`                                                                                                              |
| `ingress.tls.secretName`                                    | The name of a Secret object in which to store the TLS secret for ingress                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `null`                                                                                                              |
| `ingress.tls.hosts`                                         | A list of TLS hosts                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | `null`                                                                                                              |
| `ingress.annotations`                                       | Annotations for the Ingress object                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | `nil`                                                                                                               |
| `storageClass.enabled`                                      | Set to true if you'd like to create your own storage class for persistent volumes and persistent volume claims                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `storageClass.name`                                         | The name of a storage class object to create                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `nexus-storage`                                                                                                     |
| `storageClass.provisioner`                                  | The name of a storage class provisioner                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `provisionerName`                                                                                                   |
| `storageClass.volumeBindingMode`                            | The volume binding mode for the storage class                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `WaitForFirstConsumer`                                                                                              |
| `storageClass.reclaimPolicy`                                | The reclaim policy for any volumes which use this storage class                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `Retain`                                                                                                            |
| `storageClass.parameters`                                   | Volume parameters for the storage class                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `nil`                                                                                                               |
| `storageClass.allowVolumeExpansion`                         | Whether or not to allow more storage to be claimed by a Persistent Volume Claim                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `storageClass.mountOptions`                                 | Mounting options for volumes using the storage class                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | `nil`                                                                                                               |
| `pvc.accessMode`                                            | The persistent volume claim access mode                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | ReadWriteOnce                                                                                                       |
| `pvc.storage`                                               | The volume size to request for storing Nexus logs                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | 2Gi                                                                                                                 |
| `pvc.volumeClaimTemplate.enabled`                           | You should set this property to true for cloud deployments in order to use dynamic volume provisioning to reserve volumes for Nexus Repository's logs. For on-premises deployment use [Local Persistence Volumen Static Provisioner](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/sig-storage-local-static-provisioner) to automatically create persistent volumes for pre-attached disks. | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `service.annotations`                                       | Common annotations for all Service objects (nexus, docker-registries, nexus-headless)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | `{}`                                                                                                                |
| `service.nexus.enabled`                                     | Whether or not to create the Service object                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `service.nexus.type`                                        | The type of the Kubernetes Service                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | "NodePort"                                                                                                          |
| `service.nexus.protocol`                                    | The protocol                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | TCP                                                                                                                 |
| `service.nexus.port`                                        | The port to listen for incoming requests                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `80`                                                                                                                |
| `service.headless.annotations`                              | Annotations for the headless service object                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | `{}`                                                                                                                |
| `service.headless.publishNotReadyAddresses`                 | Whether or not the service to be discoverable even before the corresponding endpoints are ready                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `true`                                                                                                              |
| `service.nexus.targetPort`                                  | The port to forward requests to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `8081`                                                                                                              |
| `secret.secretProviderClass`                                | The secret provider class for Kubernetes secret store object. See [secret.yaml](templates%2Fsecret.yaml). Set this when using AWS Secret Manager or Azure Key Vault                                                                                                                                                                                                              | secretProviderClass                                                                                                 |
| `secret.provider`                                           | The provider (e.g. azure, aws etc) for Kubernetes secret store object. Set this when using AWS Secret Manager or Azure Key Vault                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | provider                                                                                                            |
| `secret.dbSecret.enabled`                                   | Whether or not to install [database-secret.yaml](templates%2Fdatabase-secret.yaml). Set this to `false` when using AWS Secret Manager or Azure Key Vault                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `secret.db.user`                                            | The key for secret in AWS Secret manager or Azure Key Vault which contains the database user name. Otherwise if `secret.dbSecret.enabled` is true, set this to the database user name.                                                                                                                                                                                           | nxrm-db-user                                                                                                        |
| `secret.db.user-alias`                                      | Applicable to AWS Secret Manager only. An alias to use for the database user secret retrieved from AWS Secret manager.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | nxrm-db-user-alias                                                                                                  |
| `secret.db.password`                                        | The key for secret in AWS Secret manager or Azure Key Vault which contains the database password. Otherwise if `secret.dbSecret.enabled` is true, set this to the database password.                                                                                                                                                                                             | nxrm-db-password                                                                                                    |
| `secret.db.password-alias`                                  | Applicable to AWS Secret Manager only. An alias to use for the database password secret retrieved from AWS Secret manager.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | nxrm-db-password-alias                                                                                              |
| `secret.db.host`                                            | The key for secret in AWS Secret manager or Azure Key Vault which contains the database host URL. Otherwise if `secret.dbSecret.enabled` is true, set this to the database host URL.                                                                                                                                                                                             | nxrm-db-host                                                                                                        |
| `secret.db.host-alias`                                      | Applicable to AWS Secret Manager only. An alias to use for the database host secret retrieved from AWS Secret manager.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | nxrm-db-host-alias                                                                                                  |
| `secret.nexusAdminSecret.enabled`                           | Whether or not to install [nexus-admin-secret.yaml](templates%2Fnexus-admin-secret.yaml). Set this to `false` when using AWS Secret Manager or Azure Key Vault.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `secret.nexusAdminSecret.adminPassword`                     | When `secret.nexusAdminSecret.enabled` is true, set this to the initial admin password for Nexus Repository.  Otherwise ignore.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | yourinitialnexuspassword                                                                                            |
| `secret.nexusAdmin.name`                                    | The key for secret in AWS Secret manager or Azure Key Vault which contains the initial Nexus Repository admin password. Otherwise if `secret.nexusAdminSecret.enabled` is true, then set this to the name for [nexus-admin-secret.yaml](templates%2Fnexus-admin-secret.yaml)                                                                                                     | `nexusAdminPassword`                                                                                                |
| `secret.nexusAdmin.alias`                                   | Applicable to AWS Secret Manager only. An alias to use for the initial Nexus Repository admin password secret retrieved from AWS Secret manager.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `admin-nxrm-password-alias`                                                                                         |
| `secret.license.name`                                       | The name for [license-config-mapping.yaml](templates%2Flicense-config-mapping.yaml) for storing Nexus Repository license. This is an alternative way of specifying your Nexus Repository Pro license. Use this option when not using Azure Key Vault or AWS Secret Manager                                                                                                       | nexus-repo-license.lic                                                                                              |
| `secret.license.licenseSecret.enabled`                      | Whether or not to install [license-config-mapping.yaml](templates%2Flicense-config-mapping.yaml)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `secret.license.licenseSecret.file`                         | Name of the nexus file with path. Set this if you're not using AWS Secret Manager or Azure Key Vault to store your Nexus Repository Pro license.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | your_license_file_with_full_path                                                                                    |
| `secret.license.licenseSecret.fileContentsBase64`           | A base64 representation of your Nexus Repository Pro license. Set this if you're not using AWS Secret Manager or Azure Key Vault to store your Nexus Repository Pro license.                                                                                                                                                                                                     | your_license_file_contents_in_base_64                                                                               |
| `secret.license.licenseSecret.mountPath`                    | The path where your Nexus Repository Pro license is mounted in the Nexus Repository container                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | /var/nexus-repo-license                                                                                             |
| `secret.azure.userAssignedIdentityID`                       | A managed identity or service principal that has `secrets management` access to the key vault. Only applicable if this chart is installed on Azure and you've stored database credentials, Nexus Repository initial admin password and your Nexus Repository Pro license in Azure Key Vault.                                                                                     | userAssignedIdentityID                                                                                              |
| `secret.azure.tenantId`                                     | Your Azure tenant id. Only applicable if this chart is installed on Azure and you've stored database credentials, Nexus Repository initial admin password and your Nexus Repository Pro license in Azure Key Vault.                                                                                                                                                              | azureTenantId                                                                                                       |
| `secret.azure.keyvaultName`                                 | The name of the Azure Key vault containing database credentials and license. Only applicable if this chart is installed on Azure and you've stored database credentials, Nexus Repository initial admin password and your Nexus Repository Pro license in Azure Key Vault.                                                                                                       | yourazurekeyvault                                                                                                   |
| `secret.azure.useVMManagedIdentity`                         | Whether or not to use an Azure virtual machine managed identity. Only applicable if this chart is installed on Azure and you've stored database credentials, Nexus Repository initial admin password and your Nexus Repository Pro license in Azure Key Vault.                                                                                                                   | `true`                                                                                                              |
| `secret.azure.usePodIdentity`                               | Whether or not to use pod identity. Only applicable if this chart is installed on Azure and you've stored database credentials, Nexus Repository initial admin password and your Nexus Repository Pro license in Azure Key Vault.                                                                                                                                                | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `secret.aws.license.arn`                                    | The Amazon Resource Name for your Nexus Repository Pro license secret stored in AWS Secrets Manager. Only applicable if this chart is installed on AWS and you've stored your Nexus Repository Pro license in AWS Secrets Manager.                                                                                                                                               | `arn:aws:secretsmanager:us-east-1:000000000000:secret:nxrm-nexus-license`                                           |
| `secret.aws.adminpassword.arn`                              | The Amazon Resource Name for the Nexus Repository initial admin secret stored in AWS Secrets Manager. Only applicable if this chart is installed on AWS and you've stored your Nexus Repository initial admin password in AWS Secrets Manager.                                                                                                                                   | `arn:aws:secretsmanager:us-east-1:000000000000:secret:admin-nxrm-password`                                          |
| `secret.aws.rds.arn`                                        | The Amazon Resource Name for the database secrets stored in AWS Secrets Manager. Only applicable if this chart is installed on AWS and you've stored your database credentials in AWS Secrets Manager.                                                                                                                                                                           | `arn: arn:aws:secretsmanager:us-east-1:000000000000:secret:nxrmrds-cred-nexus`                                      |
| `nexus.securityContext.runAsUser`                           | The user to run the Nexus Repository pod as                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | `200`                                                                                                               |
| `nexus.properties.override`                                 | Whether or not to mount config map which contains overrides for default nexus properties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `nexus.properties.data`                                     | A list of key and values to override default nexus.properties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `null`                                                                                                              |
| `nexus.extraLabels`                                         | Extra labels to apply to all objects                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | `{}`                                                                                                                |
| `nexus.extraSelectorLabels`                                 | Extra selector labels to apply to all services and Nexus Repository pods. See [services.yaml](templates%2Fservices.yaml) and [statefulset.yaml](templates%2Fstatefulset.yaml)                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `{}`                                                                                                                |
| `nexus.docker.enabled`                                      | Whether or not to create a Kubernetes Service object for a given docker repository within Nexus Repository                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `nexus.docker.type`                                         | The type of the Kubernetes Service                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | `NodePort`                                                                                                          |
| `nexus.docker.protocol`                                     | The protocol                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | TCP                                                                                                                 |
| `nexus.docker.registries`                                   | The docker registries to create ingresses and services for. See the  [ingress.yaml](templates%2Fingress.yaml) and  [services.yaml](templates%2Fservices.yaml) for how it's used                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `null`                                                                                                              |
| `config.enabled`                                            | Enable and mount a config map containing arbitrary data i.e. key value pairs                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `false`                                                                                                             |
| `config.data`                                               | The data for the config map                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | `{}`                                                                                                                |
| `config.mountPath`                                          | The file path to mount the config map into. Each key value pair in the config map is put on a separate line in the file                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `/sonatype-nexus-conf`                                                                                              |
